I know this that took quite a while to build.
But like I mentioned several times re-act native introduces many new topics.
So for the first time through we took everything slow and from here we'll pick up the pace.
Except of course when we cover any topic before we finish this out I want to discuss of the major things
we learned as we worked our way through it.
First we generate a project using the re-act me of CLID.
This produced a new reac made of project capable of running in either the Android or iOS simulators.
Next after we generate the project we started up the simulator using either re-act native run Iowa us
or re-act native run Android at the command line.
Remember that's how you start your application up in the simulator.
Next once we had our app running we created quite a few different components.
We found out that there were two different types of components inside of Riak native.
We've got our class based components which are components that have access to component level state
and life cycle methods.
And then we also have access to functional components which are largely presentational components that
just produce some amount of GSX and show some data back to the user.
Speaking of state we use state inside of the album was a component state is a feature of re-act available
only to class based components state is used to record and react to user interaction.
So in our case we fetch a list of albums and then we assigned or updated our state using the set state
call and or that we only ever update our state object with this data set state.
We never do something like this dot state equals one because we call set state our component instantly
rendered and show the list of albums that it had retrieved after we made our age TTP request.
Next we created an album detail component by mapping over our list of items.
Here it is.
So we do have our list of items and for each album we had retrieved we produced one album detail a component
passing this data or CD.
We passed the album to the album D-Del. component by specifying by specifying a prop so prop is any
type of data that we pass from a parent to a child component.
That is the proper system.
Finally we made extensive use of it of reusable components and science application.
So we've got our button typed here.
We've got our card.
We've got our card section.
And finally our head are all for these completely reusable components and they're serious in fact that
we are going to make use of them on our next project.
So we are going to copy and paste these directly over to our next project so please don't mess around
them too much.
So this is definitely a nice looking to start off with.
We learned a lot but there's still a tremendous amount to learn about re-act native.
So let's continue in the next section and start up our next.